# Crop-Price-Prediction
The foundation of the Indian economy is agriculture. A little more than 60% of people are depending on agriculture and 95% of its doesn’t know that which crop is beneficial to grow according to price. Farmers aren’t able to get relevant price for their crops. As we know the price of a crop is depend on supply and demand but due to lack of education or resource we can’t predict or estimate the value. Many researches are done in this field but most of the researches are based on yield of land according to yield and temperature they predict the value and quantity. The main drawback of the previous researches is that they work on the previous data but the objective of this paper is that the farmer get an estimated value before they grow we try to work on real time data. “According to ‘Adam Smith’ The law of supply and demand is a theory that explains the interaction between the sellers of a resource and the buyers for that resource. The theory defines the relationship between the price of a given good or product and the willingness of people to either buy or sell it. Generally, as price increases, people are willing to supply more and demand less and vice versa when the price falls”. With the use of this theory and machine learning we design a model which gives us the predict value. This prediction helps the farmer and the government also to make efficient decisions.
In  this  project,  we  implement  a  supervised  machine  learning  algorithm  namely Decision  tree, Linear Regression, Multi – Linear Regression, KNN Regression, Gradient Boosting, 
